Doc for Quable (#3085)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/search/sort_clause_reference/product_sort_clauses.md

By using Sort Clause you can filter product by specific attributes, for example: price, code, or availability.

> To sort products coming from [[= pim_product_name =]] PIM, see [[[= pim_product_name =]] Search API](../../product_catalog/quable/quable_api.md#search-for-products) for details about the integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To sort products coming from [[= pim_product_name =]] PIM, see [[[= pim_product_name =]] Search API](../../product_catalog/quable/quable_api.md#search-for-products) for details about the add-on.
```
